You trek through the forest, searching for a village. Suddenly, a monster appears out of the trees. You slow your pace, hoping to avoid it. As you creep through the forest, you step on a branch, making a loud *CRACK*. The monster whips its head towards you, snarling with the joyous idea of killing you. 
Unfortunately, it's no use. The monster lunges at you before you can even lift your foot. It rips you apart, limb from limb, and you die alone in the forest.
You prepare to run from the monster. Before you can make your first move, your monster companion lunges in front of you, growling and roaring at the beast in front of you. The monster cowers and scrambles away from you and your new monstrous friend. You resume your search for the village, eager to find a safe place out of the woods. After many long hours, you eventually see the walls of a village. With hesitation, you approach the village, hoping the monsters haven't gotten to it first. As you get closer, you see guards standing near the walls, watching you approach. As you become more visible to them, so does the blood on your clothes. The guards run to get the village head. He arrives, and you explain what happened to your village back home. The village head welcomes you with open arms, assuring you that you'll be safe within his village walls. 
You prepare yourself for a fight with the monster. You pull out your pocket knife, ready to take it on. The monster lunges at you, but you thought ahead. You quickly dash towards its feet, slicing at the ankles. The monster screams in agony and falls to the forest floor. You sprint away while the monster is down, never looking back. You resume your search for the village, eager to find a safe place out of the woods. After many long hours, you eventually see the walls of a village. With hesitation, you approach the village, hoping the monsters haven't gotten to it first. As you get closer, you see guards standing near the walls, watching you approach. As you become more visible to them, so does the blood on your clothes. The guards run to get the village head. He arrives, and you explain what happened to your village back home. The village head welcomes you with open arms, assuring you that you'll be safe within his village walls. 
You graciously accept the village head's offer and decide to make a new life in this village. You find new friends and, eventually, love. You live out your days surrounded by your new family, protected from the monsters outside.
You kindly decline the village head's offer, turning back towards the forest. You learn the way of the woods and how to survive on your own. Over the years, you gain more and more fighting experience, slaying all monsters you come across. You live to become a local legend.